Yen would like to answer the next question.  Hello
Ms. Yen.  My sister's family plans to hold the cremation ceremony
for her father next month.  She instructed her sister on
how to perform the ceremony.  I express my sincere gratitude for
your kindness and generosity.  The sand-hunting season is coming soon
.  When our Buddhist followers go sand-gathering, they
invite monks to come and help them.  Then
the instructors performed the rituals.
But there are people like Yen, who
went to the Northwest region yesterday, where the sand dunes are very far away,
yet they still really want to hunt for sand.  Then it's
very difficult to invite the esteemed masters.  Then it will
have two conditions to present.  Conditions for
inviting and conditions for not
inviting monks.  Regarding the conditions for inviting the Venerable
Masters, they will guide
us through everything.  Let us
hold the ceremony at home.
However, if we cannot invite venerable
monks, the first condition is
that we must rely on the Three
Jewels, that is, we must have a teacher who fully embodies the
qualities of the Sangha.  This means that this teacher is
practicing the Buddha's teachings and
expounding them for us to
practice.
This teacher, at the very least,
must recognize our five precepts of gratitude,
and only then should we have a mind to
rely on him.  So, relying on others means
following the teachings of the teachers.  For example,
our Chrysanthemum Club
is something our teacher has already taught us about.  As Buddhists,
we can perform the ceremony ourselves.  And
those who have taken refuge at Ba Vang Pagoda and
wholeheartedly believe in it, meaning that whatever happens, they
follow the teachings of Buddha that they have learned
at Hoa Vang Pagoda and have been
instructed by the monks, then we can all perform the ceremony.  On
Yen will guide you through the process of performing the
funeral rites.  This burial ceremony consists of several
parts.   The
first part is that we must perform the
ceremony ourselves at home seven days beforehand.  On the first day,
we must prepare three trays of offerings.  A tray of offerings
is brought to the grave where we want to move the remains, called the
old grave, so that we can perform the ceremony.  The second ceremony is to go to
the plot of land where we have set up the grave so that
we can perform the ritual.  And thirdly, there is the ancestral worship ceremony at
home.
First, we prepare the offering tray at the
old meeting place, which only includes
incense and
fruits as desired, not a specific
number of flowers or
fruits of any kind.  That depends on
our own discretion.  Maybe one fruit, one flower
.  Or there might be fruit but no flowers.  That
depends on your economic circumstances.  Therefore, it is
not mandatory.  If the offering ceremony isn't mandatory,
we can have flowers, fruit, a
plate of sticky rice, and a cup of tea.
If not, plain water is enough. A
simple offering is sufficient. If
someone doesn't have those, a bowl of white rice and a cup of
water with incense is also enough, because no
one can do without a bowl of white rice and a
cup of water. We still need to sustain
our lives and be
buried. Therefore, if we have the means,
we can prepare incense, flowers, tea,
fruit, sticky rice, and sweets.  Regarding the sweets and candies
we want to buy, the prayer for the Goddess will be
provided in the link below this video
.  So we pray, asking the
Buddha for protection and informing the
deities that
we will do it on those days.  That means I filed a complaint
.  The and the spirits of the deceased said that on
that day they would do it, and they asked that from
today onwards they would invite the spirits to their
home to chant prayers.  But the
essential thing is that we must make offerings to the Three
Jewels to create merit.  Do the Buddhists understand
?  We can't be ungrateful.
Because all beings in these realms
need merit.  Therefore, we make offerings to the
Three Jewels and dedicate the merits to the deities and
spirits there, praying that they may receive
increased blessings and support from the Three Jewels, and that they may uphold the
Three Jewels.  That means we make offerings to
the gods and spirits, giving them an amount of money according to our means.
Because we have
already received six parts of the karmic reward.  Do Buddhists understand this point
?  Three parts go to the recipient and
three parts go to the giver.  Therefore, when
we make offerings and take refuge in the Three
Jewels, whatever
work we do will be accomplished, bringing merit and
blessings.  So we make offerings and
dedicate the merits to the celestial beings, spirits, and deities
there, and then we make a
vow to make offerings to the deceased spirits of
our family.  And so, after that, I made a
vow that I would go home and chant
scriptures from this day until this day.  And
on that day, at what time will we come here to exhume the
grave?  And when we
recite that prayer, we take out the hoe and
we start digging, we start the earthquake.
Okay, today I'll give you a few taps with the hoe.
So, I ask that on that day, when we go there,
we do so with a respectful heart.  If
we wholeheartedly inform the Buddha of everything we do, then we
are true followers of the Buddha.  And with one heart, we
rely on the Three Jewels and the Sangha so that we may
draw upon the power and authority of the Sangha and the Three Jewels.
The power of the Three Jewels only comes when their value increases.
Without an increase, how can the power of the Three
Jewels be manifested?  Therefore, we make offerings to the Three Jewels
to truly rely on them, and we
rely on the merits we create and the Sangha
in this endeavor so that we may have
the protection of the Three Jewels.  That
completes the part about offering prayers at the grave.  Then
we have to go to the new plot of land to make
offerings.  Why do we have to move to a
new plot of land to make offerings?  Many people
experience a lot of trouble in their homes after they move their remains to a new grave
.  This is a common sight in many homes.
So when
Yen arrived, there was a family in the cemetery that Yen
described as typical, but she didn't mention their name. Then
Yen said, "Sister, your family has
a tomb for this ancestor that looks like this."  Being buried
underground is essentially burying the
remains of someone else.  Beneath my
sister's family grave, deep down, lie the remains
of someone else who drowned
.  Therefore, my sister placed her family's grave
on top of the graves of the
deceased to avoid
bad luck if the karma from the past had been
sown. At this new grave, she
invited all the spirits that were in
her family's burial ground.  Because we
are mere mortals without flesh and blood.  We
neither saw nor knew anything about it.  Now
we have been granted
this plot of land to build a tomb here for our
grandparents.  So, whoever is buried below, please forgive
us, and we humbly offer our
prayers and make offerings for the deceased
here.  So what am I going to do when I get there?
We invite all the spirits on
that land to buy our offerings.  But we
are truly unlucky and don't know
if there are any spirits present, so we humbly request that
if any spirits are there, they
allow us to place a prayer to be recited at
that grave.  Then, we invite them to our home
so we can chant scriptures, or if we
can't make offerings and dedicate the merit there, we
'll offer food to the people who are there.  As for
sentient beings, their transmigration is based on their merits,
not on the merits or blessings they receive that allow
them to move from one place to
another.  But you must cultivate a sincere heart, you must be
a little more courageous to accumulate enough blessings for
your family and enough blessings for any departed
souls, if any.  Therefore, a
ceremony must be held first at the new grave site.  So,
after the ceremony is over, we go
home to offer food to the spirits of the deceased and begin the chanting of
scriptures.  After chanting the scriptures, on the day of the family's ancestral
grave, we prepare flowers and fruits.  It's
as simple as when we go to the grave
to offer our first respects.  That's all.
Then, when we bring the offerings down to
that part, we also have a tray of offerings.
This is the offering tray that we brought to the grave to pay our respects.  Then we can also
offer alms to all beings, meaning we can also offer alms to
the spirits there, and we can also make
a small charitable donation to
those spirits.  So, we, as
Buddhists, have
rituals of offering food and releasing animals, and then we either
cook or just perform
a simple ceremony, just a sincere offering,
so that they can enjoy and
receive our offerings.
Wherever we live, we see
sentient beings just like us living people.
There are spirits of our family, and spirits
of our friends, right?
Even though they are not friends, they are still
spirits residing there. When we give
food and make offerings, and they enjoy it, we
receive blessings.
That's what the Buddhist scriptures taught.  All
beings, whether on earth or in the air, upon
receiving an offering, should remember the
giver.  We are all blessed, are
n't we?  That's from the Nikaya scriptures of
Buddhism.  The white offerings are for the deceased
.
There.
So, all the rituals are done
after we bury the body in the new location.
We perform the ceremony, then we go home and
offer food as a sacrifice, and that's it.  So,
this article is a bit long, the ritual is also a bit lengthy,
so Yen will upload it when she cuts
this clip and there will be a link to
all the instructions for the
prayers and rituals for our lay Buddhist followers
.  Our lay Buddhist
rituals are different from those of ordained monks
.  In this ritual, we rely
on the Three Jewels (Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha).  And the teachers are
truly the Three Jewels, aren't they?  If it's truly the Three
Jewels (Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha), then the monks perform a different ceremony.  As for me, when it comes to performing
rituals for the Three Jewels, I do it with
sincerity.  With sincere devotion to the Three Jewels.  That's
like, I'm the son of one party secretary,
and I'm the son of another party secretary.
When the party secretary arrives, they receive him
separately, but when the party secretary's son arrives, they
also receive him separately.  But the benefits
for the secretary's son are also very significant.  The
benefits of relying on the Three Jewels are just like
that.  Depending on the
level of spiritual practice of the monks in a particular place, the
deities will protect them according to the level
of their practice.  Therefore, the
financial support provided during this ceremony is extremely
important, Buddhist followers.  We
rely on the Three Jewels here. This teacher is leading
me to practice, but without the Dharma, without the support of
benevolent deities and spirits, even if
we have something to rely on, it won't solve
anything, right?  There.  Here,
these monks practice well, and with the
support of celestial beings and benevolent spirits, we
benefit from their practice.
[music]